14-sshIn.markdown, before:

---
title: SSH In to Flight Computer Test
layout: base
---

# SSH Test Procedures

## Common Setup
Start with the Avionics Stack on the rocket cart and batteries charged.

 1. Make sure there is something attached to the wifi connector.
    - either the antenna or a load.
 1. Plug in table
 1. Turn on LTC Power brick
 1. Switch on launch tower computer main power
    - Wait a few seconds, verify lights: four reds, blinking blue, blinking green.

## Connect to wifi

 1. Turn on ground control router.
 1. Connect to psas wifi network
    - password will be written on the AP or the table

## Verify LTC

 1. `ping ltc`

## Get flight computer going

 1. Power on Flight Computer.
    - on off switch on battery cable.
 1. `ping 10.10.10.5`
    - actually talking to the rocket.
 1. Run [commander](https://github.com/psas/commander) on your laptop.
    - suggested to run this in a virtualenv

## In commander
 1. FC On
    - click only this, nothing else!

## At laptop
 1. `ssh root@10.10.10.10`

## Common Shutdown
 1. Cleanly shut down the flight computer
    - `shutdown now`
    - wait for three or four seconds for computer to shutdown.
 1. Using commander: click FC Off (Green button)
    - green light on computer will go out.
 1. click all off
 1. Power off Flight Computer.
    - on off switch on battery cable.
 1. Switch off launch tower computer main power
 1. Turn off LTC Power brick
 1. Unplug table
 1. Disconnect laptop from psas wifi network
 1. Turn off ground control router.

Commit message:

Tuning a few things from memory
- This should probably be revieweb by someone who knows this stuff better.  Nathan/Theo?
- Might want to add notes for ground cart vs rocket cart.
- There is a fair bit of duplication in chapter 13.  Maybe we should have a stack hardware bringup chapter with subsections for running standard telemetry software or just simple ping/SSH system testing.

14-sshIn.markdown, after:

---
title: SSH In to Flight Computer Test
layout: base
---

# SSH Test Procedures

## Common Setup
Start with the Avionics Stack on the rocket cart and batteries charged

 1. Make sure there is something attached to the wifi radio connector (SMA at the top of the Avionics Stack)
    - Either the antenna or a load
 1. Plug in table
 1. Turn on LTC Power brick
 1. Switch on launch tower computer main power
    - Wait a few seconds, verify lights: four reds, blinking blue, blinking green

## Connect to wifi

 1. Turn on ground control router
 1. Connect to `psas` wifi network
    - Password will be written on the AP or the table

## Verify LTC

 1. `ping ltc`
    - `ltc` should be in the DNS offered via DHCP

## Get flight computer going

 1. Power on Avionics Stack
    - On off switch on battery cable
 1. `ping 10.10.10.5`
    - Actually talking to the RocketNet Hub
 1. Run [commander](https://github.com/psas/commander) on your laptop.
    - Suggested to run this in a virtualenv

## In commander
 1. FC On
    - Click only this, nothing else!
    - Wait for flight computer to boot and establish networking (about 40 seconds?)

## At laptop
 1. `ssh root@10.10.10.10`
    - Actually talking to Flight Computer
    - See note on wood base of avionics stack for password

## Common Shutdown
 1. Cleanly shut down the Flight Computer
    - `shutdown now`
    - Wait for FC to shut down (about 30 seconds?  Or 5(?) seconds after it stops responding to pings.)
 1. Using commander: click FC Off (Green button)
    - Green light on computer will go out
 1. Using commander: click All Off
 1. Switch off Avionics Stack
    - On off switch on battery cable
 1. Switch off Launch Tower Computer main power
    - Red switch on side of LTC case
 1. Turn off LTC Power brick
 1. Disconnect laptop from `psas` wifi network
 1. Turn off ground control router.
 1. Unplug table
